# Utils

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## isMsgSend

Type guard for MsgSend

### Parameters

-   `msg` **Msg** 

Returns **[boolean][1]** `true` or `false`.

## isMsgMultiSend

Type guard for MsgMultiSend

### Parameters

-   `msg` **Msg** 

Returns **[boolean][1]** `true` or `false`.

## getDenom

Get denomination from Asset - currently `ATOM` supported only

### Parameters

-   `asset` **Asset** 

Returns **[string][2]** The denomination of the given asset.

## getAsset

Get Asset from denomination

### Parameters

-   `denom` **[string][2]** 

Returns **(Asset \| null)** The asset of the given denomination.

## getCoinAmount

Parses amount from `ICoin[]`

### Parameters

-   `coins`  
-   `coinst` **[Array][3]&lt;ICoin>** List of coins

Returns **BaseAmount** Coin amount

## getCoinsByAsset

Filters `ICoin[]` by given `Asset`

### Parameters

-   `coins`  
-   `asset` **Asset** Asset to filter coins
-   `coinst` **[Array][3]&lt;ICoin>** List of coins

Returns **[Array][3]&lt;ICoin>** Filtered list

## getTxsFromHistory

Parses transaction history

### Parameters

-   `txs` **[Array][3]&lt;TxResponse>** The transaction response from the node.
-   `asset` **Asset** Asset to get history of transactions from

Returns **[Array][3]&lt;Tx>** List of transactions

## getQueryString

Get Query String

### Parameters

-   `params`  
-   `APIQueryParam`  

Returns **[string][2]** The query string.

## getDefaultFees

Get the default fee.

Returns **Fees** The default fee.

## getPrefix

Get address prefix based on the network.

Returns **[string][2]** The address prefix based on the network.\*

## getDefaultClientUrls

Default client urls

Returns **ClientUrls** The client urls for Cosmos.

## getDefaultChainIds

Default chain ids

Returns **ChainIds** Chain ids for Cosmos.

## getChainId

Helper to get Cosmos' chain id

### Parameters

-   `url` **[string][2]** API url

## getChainIds

Helper to get Cosmos' chain id for all networks

### Parameters

-   `urls` **ClientUrl** urls (use `getDefaultClientUrl()` if you don't need to use custom urls)

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
