# Utils

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## getBytes

Convert string to bytes.

### Parameters

-   `string` **[string][1]** 

Returns **[Array][2]&lt;[number][3]>** The bytes from the given string.

## ab2hexstring

Convert Buffer to hex string.

### Parameters

-   `arr` **[Buffer][4]** 

Returns **[string][1]** The hex string from the given buffer.

## sha256ripemd160

Calculate `ripemd160(sha256(hex))` from the hex string

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[string][1]** The hex encoded string.


-   Throws **`"sha256ripemd160 expects a string"`** Thrown if non-string is provided.
-   Throws **`"invalid hex string length"`** Thrown if the given hex string is an invalid one.

Returns **[string][1]** The hex string from the given buffer.

## encodeAddress

Encode address from the string or Buffer.

### Parameters

-   `value` **([string][1] \| [Buffer][4])** The string or Buffer to be encoded.
-   `prefix` **[string][1]** The prefix of the address. (optional) (optional, default `'thor'`)
-   `type` **BufferEncoding** The buffer encoding type. It will be used when string is provided. (optional) (optional, default `'hex'`)

Returns **[string][1]** The address generated from the given string or buffer.

## createAddress

Create address from the public key.

### Parameters

-   `publicKey` **[Buffer][4]** The public key in Buffer format.

Returns **[string][1]** The address generated from the given public key(buffer format).

## pbkdf2Async

Calculate pbkdf2 (Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2).

### Parameters

-   `passphrase`  
-   `salt` **([string][1] \| [Buffer][4] \| [Array][2] \| [DataView][5])** 
-   `iterations` **[number][3]** 
-   `keylen` **[number][3]** 
-   `digest` **[string][1]** 

Returns **[Buffer][4]** The pbkdf2 value from the given options.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[4]: https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DataView
